This is pissing me off.
Just come out now
if you're going to switch places.
What's wrong, brat?
The Innate Domain is sealed, and
the Special Grade Cursed Spirit is dead.
What's left is
for Itadori to return safely…
Sorry, but he's not coming back.
Don't be so scared.
I'm in a good mood right now,
so let's chat.
This must be the price he's paying
for using me without any restraint.
He seems to be having
some trouble switching back.
But, well…
It is only a matter of time.
So…
I thought about what I could do now.
What are you…
I'm going to take him hostage.
Hostage?
That's right.
I can still live without this,
but not the brat.
If he switches with me, he'll die.
And also…
I'm doing this to make doubly sure.
Sukuna's finger.
That Special Grade Cursed Spirit inside
must have had it.
Okay, I'm finally free.
You can start to panic,
I'm going to kill you.
There's no reason.
Our roles have reversed,
compared to that time.
Only the inequality of reality
can equally exist.
You don't seem to understand.
That guy…
Itadori will be back.
Even at the cost of his life.
That's how he is.
You're flattering him too much.
He's just a moron
who's a little stronger than most people.
He was trembling
with the fear of dying earlier…
while talking pretentiously to himself.
I'm sure that
he doesn't have
the guts to commit suicide.
His hand has regenerated.
He can use the Reverse Cursed Technique.
Sukuna has completely possessed him.
Even if he can live without a heart,
he should be able to receive damage.
I have to restore Itadori's heart
before he comes back.
I have to convince him that he won't win
with a body that doesn't have a heart.
Can I do that?
I couldn't even move
in front of a Special Grade Cursed Spirit.
It's not a matter
of whether I can do it or not.
I have to do it!
I finally managed to come out.
Let's make full use of this place!
How interesting.
You're using a Shikigami,
so why would you come at me personally?
More!
More.
Put more curse into it…
and come at me.
Great Serpent!
All together now!
See? I told you.
Let's make full use of this place!
He's not even casting sorcery.
His strength and agility
are on a totally different level!
Nice technique!
What should I do?
I used Shikigami once
to leave the Innate Domain.
White Divine Dog
and Great Serpent were destroyed.
On top of that, Nue is at its limit.
It's better to dispel it
before it's destroyed.
I see.
So you use shadows
as a medium for your Shikigami?
It doesn't matter if he finds out now.
So what?
It's not a common curse technique
that uses charms,
so it can be used in a lot of situations.
I don't understand. Back then…
Why did you escape?
It's a waste of your talent.
Forget it.
In any case, I won't heal myself
with an attack like that.
He's seen through me.
You're risking your life
over such a foolish motive.
This brat doesn't even deserve it.
Then why did you save me?
Only the inequality of reality
can equally exist.
If I have the ability to curse someone,
I would rather think about those
who are dear to me.
She's indisputably kind.
She deserved to have a happy life
more than anyone else.
Despite so, Tsumiki was cursed.
My father, who named me "Megumi"
even though he didn't know my gender,
is still living his life
brazenly somewhere.
Karma is not something
that happens automatically.
Evil people can only
be punished under the law.
Jujutsu Sorcerers act
as one of the gears in karma.
To ensure more good people
can enjoy equality…
I will save people unfairly.
Brilliant.
This is brilliant.
So you're just getting fired up.
I see.
Well…
In that case,
show me what you're made of,
Megumi Fushiguro!
Furube, yurayura.
Just to make it clear…
I didn't have a logical reason
to save you back then.
Even if it's dangerous, I didn't want
to see a good person like you die.
I had my doubts, but I eventually
heeded my selfish emotions.
But that's all right.
I'm no hero.
I'm a Jujutsu Sorcerer.
So I've never regretted saving you.
Is that so?
You are really smart, Fushiguro.
You probably think way more than I do.
I think that what you believe in is right,
but I don't think I'm wrong either.
Oh, man.
Sorry, but it's almost time.
You, Kugisaki, and Mr. Gojo…
I guess I don't need
to worry about you guys.
Live a long life, you hear me?
Hey, what's going on?
Was it really necessary
to lose a valuable finger
just to confirm Sukuna's strength?
Well, we won't get anywhere
with a half-hearted test.
We did gain something from that.
I hope you're not making excuses.
Shut up! I can't understand a single word.
I can't understand it, but the words
speak directly into my brain.
It's so gross!
CAFE RESTAURANT RISE
Welcome!
Table for one, sir?
Yes, one.
I told them to choose
between escape and death
when they encounter an enemy.
I've made sure to tell them not to fight.
That was intentional, right?
What?
What do you mean by that?
They were up against
a Special Grade Curse,
and had to rescue
five people with unclear status.
There's no way they would get
the first-years to do this.
And I was the one who forcibly granted
an indefinite postponement
on Yuji's death sentence.
The higher-ups were unhappy,
so they used a Special Grade Curse
while I was away…
to get rid of him silently.
Even if the other two died,
it would have served to spite me.
That's killing two birds
with one stone, isn't it?
No, but…
When I sent them over,
I really didn't expect it
to turn into
a Special Grade Cursed Spirit.
It's troublesome
to find the one behind this.
Let's just…
kill all the higher-ups, shall we?
It's rare to see you get so emotional.
Good work today, Ms. Ieiri!
You really like him.
I'm a nice guy
who's always thinking about the students.
Don't bully Ijichi too much.
It's not easy for him to get caught
between us and the chief.
-Speak more…
-I'm not interested
-Speak more!
-in a man's pain and suffering.
Is that so?
So is he the one?
Sukuna's vessel.
I'm free to tear him apart, right?
Make good use of him.
Oh, I will.
Who do you think I am?
"Live long," he says?
How can he say that when he's dead?
Is this your first time
experiencing a friend's death?
It's a first for my classmate.
I see.
Yet you look surprisingly calm.
You too.
Of course.
I've only known him for two weeks.
I'm not so weak that
I'll cry over a man's death.
Darn it.
It's so hot.
You're right. I wonder when we'll get
to wear our summer uniforms.
What's going on?
Your face looks even worse
than usual, Megumi!
Are you mourning?
Zenin.
-Don't call me by my last name!
-Maki!
I'm talking here!
Don't you know why they look so depressed?
What do you mean?
Someone really died yesterday!
It was one of the first-year boys!
Bonito flakes.
Say it earlier!
That would make me
a heartless witch, wouldn't it?
But that's who you are!
Tuna mayonnaise.
-You're wrong! I can be considerate, okay?
-Who are they?
They are the second-year students.
Be gentle with your juniors.
How is pampering considered being gentle?
Zenin is the best student
when it comes to using Cursed Tools.
Salted salmon roe.
This is Inumaki, a Cursed Speech Sorcerer.
His vocabulary is limited
to onigiri filling ingredients.
But you're gentler when you're with Yuta.
This is Panda.
We still have one more senior, Okkotsu.
He's the only one I respect, but…
He's currently overseas.
So you're just going to say
that's Panda, and nothing else?
My apologies.
Sorry to disturb your mourning.
Please forgive us!
Actually, we hoped
that you two will attend
the Kyoto Sister-School Goodwill Event.
Kyoto Sister-School Goodwill Event?
What's that?
It's an exchange
with another sorcery school in Kyoto.
But isn't that for
second and third-year students?
Those good-for-nothing third-years
are suspended from school.
So you guys have to come.
So what's the exchange for?
Playing Super Smash Bros?
I won't lose
if they're playing the Wii version.
I'll trash them with my Meteor Smash.
Then three of us will play together.
In the goodwill event, the principals
of the Tokyo and Kyoto High School
will propose their own methods of dueling.
Each method takes one day,
so that's two days in total.
And that's the official consensus.
We have group battles on the first day,
and individual battles on the second.
It's always been like this.
Salmon.
Group battles and individual battles?
So Jujutsu Sorcerers
are going to fight one another?
Yes. It's a sorcery battle
without any rules, except you can't kill.
In order not to get killed,
we'll provide intensive training.
Wait, do you guys actually
have time for this?
I thought Jujutsu Sorcerers
are always understaffed.
That's a good question.
The answer is yes, for now.
Human depression often accumulates
from late winter to early spring,
and then erupts in early summer,
which in turn transforms into curses.
That's when we're the busiest.
We're mostly busy all year long,
but things should be settling down soon.
I see.
So you guys are coming, right?
Your classmate's dead, after all.
-I'll do it!
I…
I want to be strong,
and I'll do anything for it.
But if the training and the games
turn out to be meaningless,
I'm leaving immediately.
Me too.
That's the arrogant spirit we need.
Bonito flakes.
CAFE RESTAURANT RISE
That means, your boss…
wants to subvert the position
of humans and curses.
Am I right?
Well, you got the gist of it.
But there's something different.
Humans are full of lies.
Beneath the emotions
and actions they show,
there's always something hidden in them.
But negative emotions
like hate and murder…
They are the irrefutable truth.
We, the curses born
from these negative emotions,
are the only real, pure humans!
The fake ones should just disappear.
And yet, you guys
are being wiped out right now.
That's why I'm here to ask you…
How can we win
against the Jujutsu Sorcerers?
Before the war begins,
you need to fulfill two conditions
in order to beat them.
What are the two conditions?
First, the one known
as the strongest Jujutsu Sorcerer…
We must ensure that Satoru Gojo
is unable to fight.
Secondly,
you have to make Ryomen Sukuna
and Yuji Itadori your ally.
Wait. Isn't that Yuji Itadori brat dead?
I wonder…
Who knows?
Don't look up without my permission.
It makes me sick…
Brat.
-Juju Stroll!
-Salmon.
It stinks.
It doesn't stink.
It doesn't stink!
Why are you treating me like an animal?
It's because you're a panda.
Mustard.
It smells like a wild animal.
I asked it to take a bath, but it refused.
I don't want to get wet.
But I don't sweat, unlike you guys.
And I use deodorant every day.
So I don't stink.
And that's what happened.
Come over and take a sniff.
-Sniff…
It doesn't stink,
but it smells like the sun.
-The sun?